[VOICE OVER] As we have discovered, these
attacks can happen in a variety of ways.
They could even be done without your knowing!
What then can be done to stop the hackers
from being successful?
Your IT department is one line of defense.
They work to keep the organization’s computer
systems secure from hackers by using special
security rules to keep card information
separate from regular organization data,
limiting access to only a few individuals, and
securing card data with encryption, which is
the process of scrambling the information to
make it unreadable.
To view the data, someone needs the correct
security code (or key) to unscramble or decrypt it.
However, your IT team cannot control everything
that puts data at risk.
You are an equally important line of defense.
It only takes one mistake to get hacked and then
all of the credit card data is at risk.
Protecting yourself and keeping your
organization’s information secure starts
with being aware of your surroundings.
● Alert security if you notice oddities like
doors being left open or things not being
locked up when they should be.
● Notify IT and security if you see any
evidence of tampering or any unusual devices
connected to systems you use.
● Report to IT any strange system messages and
weird behavior on your device.
Be as specific as you can with exactly what you
were doing when it happened,
and
● Think before sharing information.
You never know who might be around
listening to your conversations.
Also, anything you put on the internet,
including emails and social media,
stays available forever.
Remember, what you do (and don’t do) can make
or break any viable security procedures.